## arena serve

Serve a job.

### Synopsis

serve a job.

Available Commands:
  tensorflow,tf  Submit a TensorFlow Serving Job.
  tensorrt,trt   Submit a TensorRT Serving Job
  custom         Submit a Custom Serving Job  
  kfserving,kfs  Submit a kubeflow Serving Job
  seldon         Submit a Seldon Serving Job

```
arena serve [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for serve
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --arena-namespace string   The namespace of arena system service, like tf-operator (default "arena-system")
      --config string            Path to a kube config. Only required if out-of-cluster
      --loglevel string          Set the logging level. One of: debug|info|warn|error (default "info")
  -n, --namespace string         the namespace of the job
      --pprof                    enable cpu profile
      --trace                    enable trace
```

### SEE ALSO

* [arena](arena.md)	 - arena is the command line interface to Arena
* [arena serve attach](arena_serve_attach.md)	 - Attach a serving job and execute some commands
* [arena serve custom](arena_serve_custom.md)	 - Submit custom serving to deploy and serve machine learning models.
* [arena serve delete](arena_serve_delete.md)	 - Delete a serving job and its associated instances
* [arena serve get](arena_serve_get.md)	 - Display a serving job details
* [arena serve kfserving](arena_serve_kfserving.md)	 - Submit kfserving to deploy and serve machine learning models.
* [arena serve list](arena_serve_list.md)	 - List all the serving jobs
* [arena serve logs](arena_serve_logs.md)	 - Print the logs of a serving job
* [arena serve seldon](arena_serve_seldon.md)	 - Submit seldon to deploy and serve machine learning models.
* [arena serve tensorflow](arena_serve_tensorflow.md)	 - Submit tensorflow serving job to deploy and serve machine learning models.
* [arena serve tensorrt](arena_serve_tensorrt.md)	 - Submit tensorRT inference serving job to deploy and serve machine learning models.
* [arena serve traffic-split](arena_serve_traffic-split.md)	 - Adjust traffic routing dynamically for tfserving jobs

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 5-Mar-2021
