docs/installation/complete.md, before:

# Completed Install Arena

This documentation assumes you have a Kubernetes cluster already available.

If you need help setting up a Kubernetes cluster please refer to [Kubernetes Setup](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup).

If you want to use GPUs, be sure to follow the Kubernetes [instructions for enabling GPUs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-gpus/scheduling-gpus/).

Arena doesn't have to run can be run within Kubernetes cluster. It can also be run in your laptop. If you can run `kubectl` to manage the Kubernetes cluster there, you can also use `arena`  to manage Training Jobs.


## Requirements

* Linux OS
* Kubernetes >= 1.11, kubectl >= 1.11
* helm version >= v3.0.3



## Steps

1\. Prepare kubeconfig file by using:

```
$ export KUBECONFIG=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf
```

or copy the kubeconfig file to ``~/.kube/config``



2\. Download the latest installer from [Release Page](https://github.com/kubeflow/arena/releases), and rename it to `arena-installer.tar.gz`.

3\. execute the following command to untar the package:

``` 
$ tar -xvf arena-installer.tar.gz 
```

4\. Setup Environment Varaibles for customization

* If you'd like to train and serving in hostNetwork:

```
$ export USE_HOSTNETWORK=true
```

* If you'd like to customize Kubernetes namespace of arena infrastructure:

```
$ export NAMESPACE={your namespace}
```

* If you'd like to use your private docker registry instead of `ACR(Alibaba Cloud Container Registry)`:

```
$ export DOCKER_REGISTRY={your docker registry}
```

* If you'd like to deploy prometheus in `ACK(Alibaba Container Service for Kubernetes)`:

```
$ export USE_PROMETHEUS=true
$ export PLATFORM=ack
```

* If you'd like to use Cloud loadbalancer:

```
$ export USE_LOADBALANCER=true
```

5\. Install arena:

```
$ cd arena-installer
$ sudo ./install.sh
```

6\. Enable shell autocompletion

On Linux, please use bash

On CentOS Linux, you may need to install the bash-completion package which is not installed by default:

```
$ yum install bash-completion -y
```

On Debian or Ubuntu Linux you may need to install with:

```
$ apt-get install bash-completion
```

To add arena autocompletion to your current shell, run `source <(arena completion bash)`.

On MacOS, please use bash

You can install it with Homebrew:

```
$ brew install bash-completion@2
```

To add arena autocompletion to your profile, so it is automatically loaded in future shells run:
```shell
$ echo "source <(arena completion bash)" >> ~/.bashrc
$ chmod u+x ~/.bashrc
```
For MacOS, add the following to your `~/.bashrc` file:

```
$ echo "source $(brew --prefix)/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh" >> ~/.bashrc
```


Then you can use [tab] to auto complete the command:
```
$ arena list
NAME            STATUS   TRAINER  AGE  NODE
tf1             PENDING  TFJOB    0s   N/A
caffe-1080ti-1  RUNNING  HOROVOD  45s  192.168.1.120

$ arena get [tab]
caffe-1080ti-1  tf1
```

Commit message:

add "FAQ: Failed To Install Arena on Mac" to install doc (#576)

docs/installation/complete.md, after:

# Completed Install Arena

This documentation assumes you have a Kubernetes cluster already available.

If you need help setting up a Kubernetes cluster please refer to [Kubernetes Setup](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup).

If you want to use GPUs, be sure to follow the Kubernetes [instructions for enabling GPUs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-gpus/scheduling-gpus/).

Arena doesn't have to run can be run within Kubernetes cluster. It can also be run in your laptop. If you can run `kubectl` to manage the Kubernetes cluster there, you can also use `arena`  to manage Training Jobs.


## Requirements

* Linux OS
* Kubernetes >= 1.11, kubectl >= 1.11
* helm version >= v3.0.3



## Steps

1\. Prepare kubeconfig file by using:

```
$ export KUBECONFIG=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf
```

or copy the kubeconfig file to ``~/.kube/config``



2\. Download the latest installer from [Release Page](https://github.com/kubeflow/arena/releases), and rename it to `arena-installer.tar.gz`.

3\. execute the following command to untar the package:

``` 
$ tar -xvf arena-installer.tar.gz 
```

4\. Setup Environment Varaibles for customization

* If you'd like to train and serving in hostNetwork:

```
$ export USE_HOSTNETWORK=true
```

* If you'd like to customize Kubernetes namespace of arena infrastructure:

```
$ export NAMESPACE={your namespace}
```

* If you'd like to use your private docker registry instead of `ACR(Alibaba Cloud Container Registry)`:

```
$ export DOCKER_REGISTRY={your docker registry}
```

* If you'd like to deploy prometheus in `ACK(Alibaba Container Service for Kubernetes)`:

```
$ export USE_PROMETHEUS=true
$ export PLATFORM=ack
```

* If you'd like to use Cloud loadbalancer:

```
$ export USE_LOADBALANCER=true
```

5\. Install arena:

```
$ cd arena-installer
$ sudo ./install.sh
```
On Mac OS, exec ```sudo spctl --master-disable``` to fix blocking error "install app from unknown developer". see [FAQ: Failed To Install Arena on Mac](https://arena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq/installation/failed-install-arena/) for more details.

6\. Enable shell autocompletion

On Linux, please use bash

On CentOS Linux, you may need to install the bash-completion package which is not installed by default:

```
$ yum install bash-completion -y
```

On Debian or Ubuntu Linux you may need to install with:

```
$ apt-get install bash-completion
```

To add arena autocompletion to your current shell, run `source <(arena completion bash)`.

On MacOS, please use bash

You can install it with Homebrew:

```
$ brew install bash-completion@2
```

To add arena autocompletion to your profile, so it is automatically loaded in future shells run:
```shell
$ echo "source <(arena completion bash)" >> ~/.bashrc
$ chmod u+x ~/.bashrc
```
For MacOS, add the following to your `~/.bashrc` file:

```
$ echo "source $(brew --prefix)/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh" >> ~/.bashrc
```


Then you can use [tab] to auto complete the command:
```
$ arena list
NAME            STATUS   TRAINER  AGE  NODE
tf1             PENDING  TFJOB    0s   N/A
caffe-1080ti-1  RUNNING  HOROVOD  45s  192.168.1.120

$ arena get [tab]
caffe-1080ti-1  tf1
```
